Hello everyone and welcome to this biking tutorial.
In the previous video we have implemented the trade function that takes a state as an input and returns
an action based on that state.
And now in this video we will implement the last piece of the AA trade model and that is the custom
training function.
It will take a batch of saved data and train the model based on that let's define it.
Def that train and this function takes only one argument and that is the badge size this argument could
be anywhere from 32 to 256 or even more and this is an additional hyper parameter that we want to play
with.
The first thing that we have to do is to select the data from the experience replay memory so right
batteries equal to an empty list.
Then we have to iterate through the memory.
For i in range then Len of self-doubt memory and remember this memory is defined up here as the Q data
structure.
Then Right mine is batch size plus 1 because we are dealing with a time constraint data.
We don't want to randomly select samples from the memory.
We will always sample from the end of the memory and this indexing method will help us to get the exact
number of points inside the batch of data.
Let's complete the for loop statement by defining the end index to be the land of self-taught memory
now that the for loop is done inside it call the batch list and append that element from the memory
itself at this point.
We have the bedroom data and now it's time to iterate through it and to train the model for each sample
from that batch so let's write for state comma action comma reward Comma next state.
Come on done in batch with this four statement we are iterating through that all information stored
inside the batch of data just be very careful here.
The order of variables is very important and inside the for loop right.
Reward is equal to reward.
Let's make sure that our agent is not in the terminal state.
So let's write if not the done we are doing this very simple check to make sure that our agent is not
in the terminal state and there are a few more actions to be plate based on this information alone.
We can calculate our reward in a different ways if the agent is in a terminal state we will use the
current reward as a reward.
But if it's not in the terminal state and there are a few more anxious to be played we are going to
calculate this count the total leave all as the current reward so in this if statement just right the
reward is equal to reward plus self-doubt gamma.
And you know the formula multiplied by MP dot a max and these function returns are the maximum value
from an input array and that is exactly what we want.
We want to return the highest value of predictions.
And inside that function provide cell dot model but predict of next state and said that to zero because
of the output side.
And that is our discount that total reward after they've defined the target variable which is predicted
by the model as well so right target is able to sell the model that predict of state at this point.
It is just an action and we want to modify it with our current reward and this is exactly why we use
a means squared error instead of cross entropy loss to complete the target right target of zero because
of the output shape and then action.
And this is the action performed and that is all equal to reward.
Now we have our target and our state.
Now it's time to feed the model just write some dot model dot fit.
And as always provide state for the features and target for our target epochs just set to one because
we will train the model very often on each sample from our batch.
We don't want to print all these training results.
So just put verbose is equal to zero at the end of this function.
Let's decrease the Epsilon parameter so we can stop performing random actions at one point right.
If self-taught Epsilon is bigger than self-taught Epsilon final and if that is correct led decrease
it by multiplying it with Epsilon decay and execute a cell and with this function we are all done with
a traitor class if you have any questions or comments so far.
Please post them in the comments section otherwise I'll see in the next tutorial.